the biden administration says it wants
to end the violence and see an end to it
between israel and the palestinians
despite the fact that it blocked a u.n
security council resolution
calling for an end to the conflict for
the third time in a week the u.s
secretary of state anthony blinken says
that it's working behind the scenes
to secure a ceasefire and has urged
israel and the palestinians to protect
civilians especially children
it follows another night of airstrikes
by israel on targets
in the gaza strip and palestinian
militants have also launched rocket
attacks into israel
as the fighting enters its second week
with the latest here's our middle east
editor jeremy bowen
nightmares come true in gaza for parents
and their children
this mother couldn't talk about the
airstrike that engulfed them last friday
eight-year-old mustafa al-zahana and his
mother are further down the children's
ward at shifa
gaza's main hospital she says mustafa
trembles when he hears israeli attacks
ever since the one that wounded him
almost a week ago
as he left their home with his father to
buy new clothes
for the end of ramadan his father was
paralyzed
most of his friend who went with them is
dead
his friend was killed when bara was
dying he was clutching my son
tightly and telling him not to leave him
alone
died when my son has a fever he
hallucinates about it
as well as the badly injured 61 children
in gaza have been killed
in the last week
[Music]
about 20 miles north is this in the
israeli town of
ashkelon it was hit by a hamas rocket
it was the festival of shavuot the feast
of weeks
usually a celebration it's a very sad
time for
for us over here in ashkelon we are
always on
bombing i hope it will finish fast
in jerusalem the western wall plaza was
almost deserted
this is the holiest place for jews to
pray it's usually packed on religious
holidays
like today but some of the worshipers
said people were scared to go out
the grey dome of al-aqsa mosque is one
of the most sacred places for muslims
you can see how close it is to the wall
above the wall is the golden dome of the
rock both muslim shrines are built on
the site of the ancient jewish temple
these sites are all also national
symbols a month of tension
here raised the hatred level so high it
led to war
the events of the last week have shown a
couple of things first of all
the power of jerusalem to ignite this
conflict
and hamas have sent a strong message
to palestinians that as far as they're
concerned
they are their real protectors here in
the holy city
even though hamas hq is 60 or 70 miles
away
by the sea in gaza our
gaza producer filmed his drive to work
this morning
you can see the bomb sites if
palestinians and
israelis could be equally safe and
secure they might have a chance of peace
right now they don't jeremy bowen bbc
news
jerusalem